the right presence to have is for everyone to know. They're all, um do
people have to understand that? You know what? Like I can't boss anyone
around first class, petty officers have to understand. Hey, you
know what? I was the second class, you know, a couple of months ago.
I don't have the right to boss them around, despite my my new title.
Chiefs have to understand. Hey, you know what? Even though I can
boss people around, I don't want to, because they have to work for me.
And officers have to realize that Yes, I have a commission. And yes,
I am your commissioned officer, but, um, ultimately, you guys are
the ones doing the work, and I have to respect that. So if everyone
knows their role and they don't abuse their rules, uh, that's the
best way to get along. So how can you do that? Well, you have to make
sure that each of those lines is very, very clear. Um, this is our
officer. He's in charge of X y Z. Um, if he spends most of his time
up in the office, you know, that's fine, but it should be clear to
the unit that he is serving a really good role. You know, you can't
just say, Oh, we have an officer and you never talk about him. You never
talk about his rules, his responsibilities. You know that's not
good for the team because they don't develop a reporter with him. So
I have to say, as an officer, he has a different rule than you guys.
He's not down here working on equipment. He's not down here. Um,
you know, cranking valves. I I want to say that because when I was coming
up through the ranks, I didn't understand this difference. And
I had a little resentment towards some of the officers that I saw was
like, Hey, you know, we're down here sweating. We're busting our
chops. How come I never see him? Um, now, as a chief, I make sure to
explain that role toe the team toe to make sure that everyone understands
everyone is working really hard. Um, and also explain the newest
person you know, to the officer. Hey, you know what? Like even though
he's just knew, you know, you have to realize, even though you
don't see it, but he's down there in the build, getting his brand new
uniformed dirty, you know, scrubbing and chipping and painting. You
know, just to make sure that, you know, um, he's a valuable member
of the team. So as long as everyone knows the value of each member
of the team and it's very, very clear and there's no, uh, there's no
crossing over, then that's how you build report with the team.